[Music]
welcome back to let's play atlear sophie
my name is carsten
as you saw i picked up the free dlc for
the additional map but apparently that
doesn't happen until post game
so let's see we had a few things we
needed to do if i remember right
has been a few days since i played
we have we need to make the puppet
string
and there's a few things we need to make
here
really need to sell 300 stuff to do that
there's a bunch of stuff we can make now
i still don't know idea from unibag
but i've made them and used them and
it's still not
i don't know what i need to do for that
idea from honey so i guess maybe i can
make some honey as well
[Music]
i'd eat it from cloth need to slay a
black puny that
it's gonna be tough
that i should be able to make it says
[Music]
and that
memo rate size plus oh
idea from bird medicine
[Applause]
well let's go ahead and first of all
[Music]
okay what should i make make this
what material should i use
[Music]
and
i don't know that it makes too much of a
difference what i use here
uh probably doesn't
which cauldron i can always do
other stuff later make it again or
whatever
[Music]
yeah this is good
all right this is going well
[Music]
all right this is going well all right
this is going well uh yeah sure fine
whatever are we okay
all right i'll finish it
up into your string what trades is this
okay
okay it's finished
okay so that was the thing at the end of
the other
did that finish off the beginning
recipes
i can make glasses should i use
i also make some of these silver potato
those i can gather um
[Music]
let's see
i don't think i'm going to be able to
get enough to get up to
the second one of this so i'll just
throw in some of these
use opportunity
[Music]
if i sort that by category value
let me get one of these
and these don't do anything for me
which cauldron is best okay then
let's start which cauldron is best
okay let's do this and see if i can get
some of that yellow stuff in there
um
this is great i do that
that
[Music]
and
and this here
is this really okay okay it does get the
use opportunity medium
whatever that does i should finish it
quick it's good
what traits should i transfer uh let's
see
increases defense by 10 also cause a
decent amount of hp recovery each turn
that sounds really useful
all right it's done level up
sophie what are you reading oh plata
i was just looking through my grandma's
diary i found it on the bookshelf
earlier
grandma was the type to record every
detail so there are entries about going
places and making sweets too
it's all really nostalgic but it also
makes me really sad
it's been a long time now since grandma
passed away
sophie i lost my mom and dad when i was
really young
grandma was the one who took care of me
for all that time
but now grandma's gone too when i got
back home from grandma's funeral
this atlear suddenly felt like it was
really big
too big i was sad and scared and lonely
at the same time
i felt like i was all alone in the world
sorry about the gloomy story oh i'm fine
now just so you know
monica and oscar come to visit really
often too
still i did feel a little lonely at
night
although that's not the case anymore
lately why
it's because you're here placta you're
here
even late at night so i'm never alone
and that's why lately i don't feel
lonely even at night
it's actually fun now that you're here
i'm really thankful pacta
[Music]
so you're the lonely type sophie
what no i'm not the lonely type at all
sophie don't worry i won't leave you
alone and go anywhere
i would feel too sorry leaving such a
lonely person all by themselves
[Music]
hey you called me a lonely person again
i'm telling you i'm not
how are you not i don't understand your
reasoning
[Music]
if you don't behave even i can get mad
i presumably i get that cute little
cutscene for hitting level 20 alchemy
that would be my guess
[Music]
let's see what else can i make that i
haven't yet
refuel bottle
[Music]
and
don't have spirit stone
[Music]
so i need to get spirit stone but i can
make this what materials to use
let's see
[Music]
uh just looking to see maybe recovery up
[Applause]
and
[Music]
one of those in since it doesn't use
a lot let's see what do we have here
and
yeah let's use one of those
that's interesting some things are
blocked off
okay let's start
interesting uh we'll use this cauldron
let's start so
what i want to do
is let's see
that there
and that there
then i can put
[Music]
hmm i guess i'll put that one
to there
put the fairy ball there
[Music]
and the grass there and there
is this good it gets me
yeah hp recovery medium mp recovery
small
and peppy all right
i'll finish it
[Music]
one transfer wait can i do two treats
now
increase this item effect by a decent
amount of size increases okay
[Music]
yeah let's do both of those
probably want to register that because
that could be useful
[Music]
let's go to the
street and let's register that
i have to figure out something to take
out in place of it
but i think that is well worth having as
a recovery item
welcome i actually have something to
tell you today sophie
huh what is it starting next time
when the items you have are running out
i'll refill them for you
wait is that really okay yes
i'm sure it will help save you time as
well
wow that sounds convenient thank you
corey
it won't be free though oh
i knew it but it would be safer than
going out without enough items
and it's still convenient
[Music]
you can now automatically refill your
items at canaria's shop
sure let's hear the explanation for the
refills
[Music]
[Applause]
automatic refill
[Music]
price is affected by the item value and
number of times used
if set to on your item use accounts will
be restored when you return
to your atlea or from the field
the money required to refill items
depends on the quality and number used
if you don't have enough money if you
finally cancel
[Music]
also the refill function will
automatically be set to off
if you want to start refilling again
talk to canary and set it to on
[Music]
unequipping an item with zero count left
will make it disappear you will be
warned if you try to unequip it
[Music]
items your use count will remain
equipped but removing them causes them
to disappear be careful
this sounds crazy useful
[Music]
i have new yeah um
i'm not refilling items yes i want to do
that
i still want to
what let's see
[Music]
um yeah i'll go ahead and grab those
and then register
this this seems really amazing
you want to register this yes i
will register yes i want to register
that uh
lightning bomb there we go are you
really okay okay
okay now we will buy one of
that back
[Music]
and we will also buy the stall metal
and
i want to equip
can you equip that yes you can
[Music]
um actually i will
have sophie equip that
[Music]
and that and that
think about the recipe to make a codex
of creation
[Music]
becoming friendly with artists and visit
artisans frequently
okay
do another cutscene or no
um i guess we can talk to
her
hello leon ah sophie i have a little
proposition for you
okay what is it will you go gathering
with me sometime
gathering i don't mind but why so sudden
to be honest there's some materials i
want i was thinking about going to get
them but
i think it would be way more efficient
if we went together
you need materials for alchemy too right
it would be better if we both got the
stuff we need at the same time
that's true in that case i should be the
one asking you to come
alright then let's go together oh but
will it be okay
there's monsters outside the town yeah
i'll be fine
i might look like this but i'm pretty
confident about my fighting skills
huh really that's a little unexpected
i'm traveling around alone of course i'm
prepared a few random monsters are
nothing to me
i'm confident enough to say that i'll be
able to protect you too
thank you i'll leave the timing up to
you just let me know when we're going to
leave
okay i understand i look forward to it
all right
i think what i will do then
i'll swap monica out
and remove those and those and those and
those
and
see what she does
i think i will have
sophie equip the glasses though
[Music]
you go ahead and let's see actually who
has
in my party you have the least lp so you
get the meister mittens
can you take any useful items well just
the only bag
okay
you can take a lightning bomb and you
can
take nothing else okay
we'll go with that for the moment
[Music]
i have some new merchandise now he'll
take
actually before we do that let's grab
the
claw 3 stock
[Music]
are you stinky
and let's make sure that we have some
armor
for everyone
what armor do you want to make
[Music]
which materials should use
let's see here i guess we'll do one of
these
and
i wonder if i can stack parameters plus
five
[Music]
okay doesn't look like it
not really a whole lot else i can throw
on well i can throw that on there
are there any traits you wanted to have
is this okay
oh parameter five parameter six increase
base stats by ten
okay yeah we'll do that it's done
it looks great
[Music]
and
um i think i might already have
travelers vests
let's see if we go to equipment
[Music]
do you already have something no okay
hardcore one less defense but better
stats for everything else
so let's go with that now
how about you guys
and you
[Music]
you just have generic travelers but that
looks interesting
you can take the plate vest which does a
little bit more
[Music]
we'll craft one more traveler's vest
which one what armor do you want which
material should i use
and let's see
yeah we'll do hp enhance are there any
traits you wanted to have is this okay
it's done
and go back to equipment
and that should yeah increase your
things at least a little bit
[Music]
now we need to go
and see about weapons as well
sophie can you let me take a look at
your weapon oh this
okay hmm
i think i should reforge this huh why
you don't need to panic it's just worn
out because you've used it so much
there are a lot of small scrapes and
other rough edges might even be time to
replace it
oh i thought i was mishandling it or
something so i panicked for a moment
so this little is this still usable at
all
it won't become unusable anytime soon
but i can reforge it anytime you ask
you'll need to bring me materials but i
can reforge it into an even better
weapon than before
you can do something like that yeah
blacksmith doesn't need
doesn't just make weapons from scratch
just let me know when you need my help
you can now use weapon enhancement at
logee's shop
apply metal category items to weapons to
raise their stats
number of times weapons can be enhanced
varies and the stats enhance depend on
quality and traits interesting
i've got some first though what weapon
do you want to make
let's tell me what you do to the next
level of things
um
a lot of inflict sleep ones
[Music]
magical slayer eco skill
increase the scope yeah yeah let's go
with uh eco skill
and anything else
yeah we'll pick one of these sleep ones
i got a lot of those
and
increase sharpness choose the traits you
want to add
is this all right okay can i only do
three
is this all right we'll go with that
then
all right it's done i think it turned
out well
and let's see we need to give
i already got you a upgrade got you an
upgrade
let's give you something here
[Music]
damage absorb
i think damage absorb is probably going
to be our best
bet
and let's see
and let's see if we can get eco skill as
well
in fact let's
[Music]
grab eco skill from that and
grab damage absorb actually i think both
of those are available but anyway
whatever
choose the traits you want to add we
want eco skill and damage absorb and
skill power because rainbow radiance
just
increases selling price yeah so that's
okay
all right it's done
[Music]
is this really okay wow this is very
stylish
i made it according to leon's design but
i've never seen a spear this fashionable
does a weapon even need to be stylish
[Music]
what are you talking about of course it
does
oh hello leon
a truly good weapon needs to be
beautiful don't you understand that as a
blacksmith
it's true that the finest weapons all
possess their own unique brilliance
but just because a weapon is beautiful
doesn't mean it's a good weapon either
i'll be the one to decide that i'll use
it and show you that it's a good weapon
anyway it looks well made thanks
sure i guess it's fine if she's okay
with it
all right now let's get that equipped
i keep wanting to use the shoulder
buttons to
go between characters
oh and i should make sure
[Music]
okay just seeing if i had any other
things equipped on my non on my
characting
so let's go to
[Music]
uh the private house and turn that
string in
[Music]
fritz i finished the puppet strings
really let me see
yes i think this will work nicely really
that's good i'm relieved that book said
you're still a novice but it seems like
you're a pretty capable alchemist
i got a compliment anyway with this i'll
be able to put on puppet shows
you have my gratitude sophie i'm glad i
could be of help
if it's okay could i watch your puppet
show sometime
what you're interested in puppet shows
oh i'm yes i've never seen one before so
i wanted to at least once
i see seo to watch my puppet show that's
fantastic
you should watch by all means
um fritz puppet shows are wonderful
things
the playwright accounts for every little
detail to craft a moving story
then the one to bring the story to life
is the puppeteer's art expressing
emotion and depth through their dolls
when these two come together it's as
though the dolls have come to life
captivating their audience
i see i really want to watch that
i know right yes you must watch at least
once
fritz is like a different person when he
talks about dolls
all right let's go to
the cafe
welcome which request will you accept
[Music]
can't make those yet don't know
where those are welcome
thank you for i'll see
um
let's see
[Music]
let's go to the clock shop real quick
harold huh he's not here
harold just left his shop open and
unattended
huh what's this looks like a winding key
for something
sophie were you watching the shop for me
no not really but where did you go
i took a little walk ah
oh well there's something i wanted to
ask what's this
that's a winding key for a clock you use
that to wind the spring in a clock so it
can move
i see it's been a while since you did
anything related to clock so i'm
surprised
of course i can still do things like
that i studied for it after all
that's right in the past you were
working hard to train for this
you worked so hard at it so why did you
stop working on clocks
i just felt like working on clocks
didn't suit me there's no big reason
[Music]
anyway if you don't have any other
business you should leave
i have an order for a gun and i need to
work on it
oh okay sorry see you later
oh almost to the next memory
uh let's try talking to
let's go to the bookstore here have you
ever gone to the scar of the land sophie
no i've heard things about it but i've
never gone there yet
what kind of place is it to put it in
one word
it's a wasteland a wasteland
there's no water and sheer cliffs that
might be why there are materials that
you can't find in normal places
huh so it's a place like that
i remembered it because it might be
useful for your alchemy
i see thank you elise i'll try this
sometime
i hear there are strong monsters there
so you should be careful
oh okay
[Music]
they're in location to scar the land all
right
well that'll probably have some useful
materials if i can
manage to get there without getting
slaughtered
and let's see anything else interesting
yeah well we're talking with everyone
[Music]
let's go ahead and talk to you
pamela here thank you as always
thank you too um pamela what are you
using the money for anyway
lots of things management of the church
everyone's living expenses and offerings
for graves at a place
far from here praise
that's right there are lots of graves of
people from the past in a place
called the moon sun moor the problem is
that it's really far away
so i can't visit it very often
there's a place like that i didn't know
you might find something useful there so
i'll tell you where it is
okay thanks
[Music]
location of moon sun moor how convenient
i have more of the items i ran out of
[Music]
what
all right well we have a bunch more
things we can do now
uh let's go
let's go back to the atlea actually
i did my best to refill them
cool that's convenient
is there anything
[Music]
oh i should make
some honey to see if i get that
[Music]
is this really okay which cauldron is
best
okay then let's start
this material goes here
[Music]
this is great all right
this is going well
is this really okay all right i'll
finish it now
what is this okay okay it's finished
all right so i've made some honey
[Music]
oh i should if i can get there
no i can't while i'm thinking of it what
i want to do
is i'm going to sleep until morning
and go back and talk to leon
and i think she sells animal fur
[Music]
good morning which
um yes you do
need some of that animal fur
i don't think i need any of the other
stuff you have right at the moment
uh let's check the
cafe real quick
[Music]
welcome which request will you accept
i can do these
[Music]
things and
um
[Music]
[Applause]
that i'd want to do all of it so
i don't have that yet
i could fight some of those
i can't make those yet
welcome what rumor do you wish to hear
[Music]
um
brave master of water now big land fish
probably would not do well against a
strong enemy right now
so i think what i'm going to do is i'm
going to head back to the atlear
and in the episode for now
i hope you enjoy thanks for watching
and i will see you next time
[Music]
new things what are these sun powder
interesting
[Music]
that's interesting traits i don't
recognize
okay what can i get rid of
um these i have tons of but these are
good quality ones
uh usual fragment
strong bone
[Music]
these are all good stuff um
i'll get rid of
[Music]
that how many more do i need to get rid
of one more
uh that
imps mischief can be synthesized okay
well i need to leave
because my bag is full anyway
i need to stop by the atlier
hopefully without getting into too many
encounters
because that'll just mean i have to drop
more stuff
okay looks like over to the right here
is an exit
[Music]
where should i go
uh we're gonna run back to town
[Music]
drop things off refresh the items
i did my bad
imps mischief expert cauldron
[Music]
okay let's head back to the world map
for now
all right where to let's
check out scar of the land
whoa
they look pretty strong okay
i haven't picked up any items so i
shouldn't have to worry
too much about losing here except it'll
be kind of annoying
so
[Music]
uh level 16
438 hp um
you know what no
no no and no
let's look over here then
[Music]
look over there 500 coal
those look like something i don't want
to fight all right finally got
some of these things which i need to
craft oh crap
[Music]
i sense danger yeah
um okay
level 13 still
potentially bad but not near as bad
as what we had before now how many of
these can you hit it once
and hit two
well i'll take it
how many can you hit still
two with your slide
you should be able to hit well three
okay
i'll do soul step on everyone
and don't hold back
ow i'll take them all out
all at once
okay
[Music]
i think i'm going to lose okay
you need to meditation here
[Music]
um
uh let's see
i'm gonna throw that on as well
[Music]
i'm gonna focus on that one with you
okay should have done that well okay
well that was
very annoying
[Music]
all at once
i'll go first
are we okay so we're down to one of them
left
[Music]
but canary is dead
don't have anything you can do right now
except attack oh we're good we're good
[Music]
uh no we're not
now what we want is defensive stance
and attack
[Music]
yay we won
didn't even get levels out of it but
that was a lot of xp
[Music]
got an idea for something
feather ornament okay oh no they look
pretty strong
i think i'm going to lose we are going
to run
[Music]
excuse me coming through
let me buy please a dangerous opponent
stay on guard
[Music]
okay uh yeah we are leaving
where are we going next um i'm not even
going to the open ruins
i'm going back to town cause that was
painful
[Music]
i did but
okay feather ornament
[Applause]
and we should be able to now make
what materials to use
hmm time limit
what does that mean
60 second time limit exceeding this time
will result in failure countdown
begins after selecting materials and you
cannot reselect the cauldron
well uh no
i'm probably never going to use that
but i should be able to make this
i have exactly enough of that
skill cost compress is going to be good
yeah we'll just skill cost compress
[Music]
and
we'll do a parameters plus five because
that's always good
unless i can get a let's
see anything else we can get on here
critical might be good
what does fixed power do
that's attack item that's not going to
be doing that
a little damage absorb on there just to
make sure we have that
and
what can we have here
[Music]
tech speed enhanced might be good
um
and this doesn't really have
[Music]
anything useful on it at the moment
although that's plus percent that's
interesting
all right we'll give it a try
[Music]
not that that makes any difference with
what we're crafting right now anyway
but okay
increase speed
attack and speed
[Music]
and damage absorb okay okay
it's finished
and let's see what else i should
register that
[Music]
let's go to the street
and talk to canaria
hmm what's wrong cory thinking about
something again
yes it's about my store i'd be willing
to listen if it's okay
i want you want
i want to make this store more famous
how can i do that
huh more famous that's um
it really is difficult you're right if i
knew that i wouldn't have any problems
with my store either
i'm working hard every day but as you
can see i can hardly sell anything
you aren't selling much it's true that i
barely see any customers here
yes i can't sell much at all i might
even go out of business at this rate
wait really that's bad what can we do
i'm selling a little bit so it's not so
bad that i need to close the store yet
oh don't scare me like that but it's
true that i hardly sell anything
if you go if you buy a mountain of
merchandise i'm sure this store would
grow big and popular
i can't afford that i do want to help
though
i told you before but the main problem
is that this store caters to a narrow
range of people
that's not really something i can help
with
yes that's why i'm so concerned nothing
will change if i just keep worrying
though
i'll just keep trying to work please buy
lots of things from me too
[Music]
okay well
i'll grab these
i'll grab these thank you and i can
probably unregister that because that's
going to get refilled come to think of
it so
we will register
this i can't register
we will register the refuel bottle
really okay
and then buy that back
and leon do you have another cut scene
for me
welcome to no
how about
[Music]
blodgy do you have a cutscene for me
no every what are you about how about
[Music]
[Applause]
oh you're reading today too
welcome sophie hey elise
what is it i was thinking about this but
i don't think it's good for you to sit
in here and read too much
why um well the store is kind of dark
for one
i think your eyes might get worse maybe
you can make the store a little brighter
at least
are you worried about my eyesight yeah
it's already pretty bad
thank you sophie but i can't make the
lights any brighter
huh why not because the books will
deteriorate
really yes when books are continuously
exposed to bright light the paper turns
brown and the bindings
fade and fall apart i see i didn't know
so that's why it's so dark inside the
store
that's right books are my valuable
merchandise after all
i need to handle them with care until
they find a new owner
all right
now do you have anything new to say
[Music]
fritz there's something i want to ask
you what is it just tell me
you're a doll maker so why are you
always carrying swords around
ah these i received these from a friend
when i was still a mercenary
what you were a mercenary yes but that
was a very long time ago
i'm just a puppeteer now anyway that was
a little off topic the reason i carry
swords is very simple
self-defense one is often attacked by
monsters while traveling
it would be difficult to fight while
unarmed
[Music]
that's an unexpectedly simple reason i
thought you'd have another reason
i see you're sharp these swords actually
have another very important purpose
oh really can i ask what it is
to cut string what
when strings get tangled during a puppet
show it's fastest to simply cut them
i see that sounds convenient
yes that's the other reason why i carry
swords with me at all times it sounds
like fritz is always thinking about his
dolls first
but it's kind of unexpected that he used
to be a mercenary
let's see who else do i need to talk to
[Music]
harold
nope you don't have anything new to say
i guess we'll go to the cafe
[Music]
welcome which request will you
i can turn in some of these
some of those are good i don't sure i
want to
[Music]
only need four of these oh we need some
other stuff too to complete it
though we can do all of these
[Music]
thank you
yeah that needs ice bomb
and alchemy drops which i can't do
[Music]
gold puny don't even know where those
are welcome
what rumor
[Music]
is that thank you very much can you
rinse a shot but our mass production is
particularly unique
okay yeah welcome what rumored and
is that root thank you very much laundry
shop
okay i'll
go back to the atlear
[Music]
okay what should i make
i think i will
try making one of these
[Music]
count bonus isn't this what i was
expecting i thought it would be like
no no uses plus one is what i was
thinking
um
size plus
increases item by one level equipment
cost increases by five
stable effect
yeah we'll go with that
[Music]
[Applause]
high chance to inflict poison
let's sort this by category value
yeah i guess we'll just do that
and here we want
[Music]
[Applause]
hmm
i got these registered so i can use one
of those
and this i mainly want to
let this power through do
now count
compress completely consumes item when
you stream battle increases power you
by use count times three percent now not
but not if it's just three percent
10 times the number of targets in effect
area
[Music]
fast use reduces weight after using
well decreases power though
[Music]
conflict weak chance to inflict
weak i'm gonna be inflicting poison
though
[Applause]
[Music]
oh
let's go with yeah we'll just throw
something with quality up oh i got two
of these
um
[Applause]
i guess i'll just throw in one of these
is this really okay which cauldron is
i'm not going to use the expert cauldron
and we want to
[Applause]
[Music]
i want to go after red so i think we're
going to
use this let's start
[Music]
yeah this is good
something good will happen
[Music]
[Applause]
all right this is going well
yeah this is going
[Applause]
there great
there is this really okay
okay good level down medium and flick
slow large damage over time medium
yeah that is okay to finish
and done what traits should i add
can add two traits
[Music]
quality and stable effect
yeah this is all done
[Music]
and let's see
[Applause]
which material should i choose
[Music]
if it's a lot is the only thing i can do
on that deluxe backpack
what kind of stuff should i make
could make that
[Music]
what i will do though while i'm thinking
of it
is i will swap out the uni bag
for imps mischief
[Music]
and just
to make sure that
you already have in any bag
you have two innie bags
yeah i don't think we need to bother
equipping it again
so i think that is what we will do for
right now
we will rest until day while i'm
thinking of it
so that we will be all set to visit the
shops again and see if anything
interesting happens
that will be next time hope you enjoy
thanks for watching
and i will see you next time
welcome back to let's play earlier
sophie my name is karsten
let's see i think at this point if i
remember right what we need to do
is think of recipe for codex of creation
which is
talking to shopkeepers and being
friendly with them and everything if i
remember right
all the way over here
friendly with artisans visit frequently
now i have another things here this
from good water
talking to oh i can talk maybe from
feeling people around town
flickering light from spruce
investigating an ancient kitchen i think
i know where that is
maybe
yeah i think i know where that is maybe
uh from puny breath
[Music]
interesting
bird medicine so let's make some bird
medicine and make sure we have it
cloth with curious heat that's what that
is
so can i make cloth that carries heat
what to make get down
to cloth
what materials to use anything here that
carries heat
[Music]
nothing there how about here
curious heat i can please have curious
[Music]
heat
i'm not seeing anything i wonder uh
can we s filter
trait oh this makes it easier
[Music]
uh it does not say carries heat anywhere
in any of these
how about here filter
traits
i do not have caries heat on any of
those let me make sure i didn't miss
it from here
[Music]
i do not see curious heat anywhere in
there
will it show up in our encyclopedia
[Music]
traits
oh the transferable thing is interesting
it shows what it can go to
that's useful
curious heat
[Music]
um i guess you can clip that i
was hoping it would tell us what it
shows up on
in fact if we look at a container
[Music]
uh if we just look under materials
and
filter trait
of anything that carries heat
so these carry heat
these are ore
and gun powder now to make
cloth what to make
oh let's see to make
cloth we need
thread plant and animal
now if we go under
[Music]
do we have anything in here that is
thread
plant or animal
[Music]
that's thread
and it takes metal it's a gold thread if
i make gold
thread that carries heat
what to make
go down here to gold thread what
materials to use
now in here i do have to actually make
metal so first i have to make metal that
carries heat
then gold thread that carries heat
uh i will just make
this what materials to use
since all i like about is making one
that carries heat i am not too worried
about anything else
um is this good which cauldron should i
use
okay wait what did i pick okay i was
making sure i didn't accidentally pick
expert cauldron
i don't really care about anything you
just need to carry heats good
that's what happens
[Music]
[Applause]
is this all right i'll finish it now
[Music]
what curious
[Laughter]
[Music]
yeah again we'll just do whatever
and here carries heat
and then one of these others that i have
a million of
and that'll be okay which cauldron is
that okay then
let's start yeah this is going great
this material goes here
this is great
all right this is going well
[Music]
stable effect i guess okay it's finished
now we should be able to make cloth
what material should i use using that
and just something else and something
else here
no not um
[Music]
let's use one of those and um
count bonus i don't think i ever really
used okay then let's start
this material goes here
yeah this is good yeah this is going
great
is this really okay all right i'll
finish it now
so that made claws
[Music]
learned recipe for moth cut so that's
another armor material
that's something i've been wanting
[Music]
this attack boost doesn't transfer under
armor
so we can just pick some random things
here
now let's go to
i think damage absorb doesn't transfer
onto armor
and it does not
[Music]
parameters plus 5 i'm pretty sure does
eco skill does not
inflict no heal what does that
chance to inflict no heal when dealing
damage whatever that does
um
what does that do okay that's
only for weapons anyway
[Music]
that might be useful
that i don't have many of so probably
not going to use it on
something that i'm going to be somebody
that's not
close to ultimate equipment uh we'll do
parameters plus
six though no we'll do quality up
and that's the two traits i have so it
doesn't really matter
what i put on here is this really which
cauldron is best
[Music]
okay then let's start this goes here
yeah this is going great
all right this is going well
yeah this is good
nothing doesn't matter
so that made two of those we'll do
parameters and quality up
yeah this is all done
so finally have some of that and we'll
need to make sure that gets duplicated
now if we go back to recipe ideas here
now that i need to sell stuff that's
probably not going to happen for a while
an any bag that effect explodes
and honey with kirchen bell special
[Music]
effect explodes
so if we go to make an uni bag which
material should i choose
if we go to
let me check the
encyclopedia entry for the uni bag
[Music]
[Applause]
field now
if we look on here though does that show
any bag there we go
so probably under gun powder 50 plus
oh and that's interesting the uni if it
gets up to
100 has another one i thought it was
just
that one interesting okay so we want to
try to probably get gun powder up and
the third
maybe what should i make which material
should i choose
so this i want to sort by category value
interesting
so that goes none in bursts
what about here that goes not on
sticking thorns
[Music]
how do i get it explodes then
and
if we just take one of these
[Applause]
that doesn't quite get it that does
we'll do that one and
[Music]
i guess
pick one of these that i have a lot of i
guess
will this go wow
so you can do red and orange so i want
something that's either red or orange to
put there
i'm sorry uh red or yellow
[Music]
but that doesn't do much
that has a little that's white and green
and blue
and white
not helping
might not be able to do that one
back to recipe ideas here what else
might i be able to do this
one
honey with christian bell special
[Music]
what kind of so if i were to make honey
which material should i choose
[Music]
[Applause]
hmm
[Music]
i don't see where it would get
to have christian spell special
as it's under recipe ideas if i look
under honey
[Music]
if i get it up to a hundred percent
that would be tricky probably
what else can i do
[Music]
for black pony actions during
exploration
bird medicine with size plus well let's
see if we can do that
[Music]
did i go past it yeah i did
which material should i choose
[Music]
i need to go back here though
back to
berg medicine
[Music]
there uh maybe under animal
i'm gonna try to get animal up to 60 i
guess
[Music]
what kind of stuff should i make which
material should i choose
this i don't think i'm going to be able
to get much of
i will throw that in and
[Music]
what the heck we'll do that
use count one
and that's the most i have for that
[Music]
i don't think i have a whole lot else i
can throw in here
now that that goes there
[Music]
that's kind of a weird shape
um
[Music]
these one of these i guess will this go
wow
which cauldron
[Music]
is it green that i need to enhance no
it's yellow
so i want to use one of these that's
green do i have any of these that's
green or are they all yellow
that one's green island fish fin
it's not as much but we're going to have
better luck with it
let's go well wow which
[Music]
i feel like something great will happen
all right this looks great
and that
this would be best here
and this all right this is not
as big but we'll do that
will this go well no that's hp regen
small
so that's not it
[Music]
let's see if we can do something with
blue
[Music]
okay i'll try it all right
this looks great i'll try this here
all right this looks great
[Music]
will this go well no we want to go back
and pick a better water
will this go wow which cauldron
wait that water is green
okay will this go well now which
cauldron
okay i'll try it so if we do
i've decided this material goes here
it's going great
[Music]
and all right this looks
great and that
will this go well
[Music]
um i don't know
now what's called i'm missing something
here
i'm not something i'm not getting and
those of you playing this that are
familiar with it are probably screaming
at the screen right now
but i will investigate that ancient
kitchen instead
which i'm pretty sure where do you
intend to go next
is in
here
i think it's this area back here oh now
we got a
now
so i'm going to defend
and maybe one of these guys will use
pretty breath
i'll protect you so you press
just stand back
using tackle i'll protect you
let's press again be careful
that's ice storm
[Music]
not what i was hoping for you know what
these treasures can attack again
so we will just beat them up wide open
[Music]
yay we won
it's probably a minimum level for that
but oh i got
what did i get
puny missile can be synthesized okay
well i got something out of it
ancient kitchen i remembered right
[Music]
okay i can fight
too yeah this should be pretty
straightforward
wait i will have you use
that's only single target you only have
single target stuff right now that's
annoying
well you do that and
[Music]
you attack their
yeah just that's fine
[Music]
not that it really matters
that was a little bit overkill easy win
[Music]
oh it's a big question mark in the
middle from the ruins just the faint yet
distinct scent of
meal it may be from
oh of a meal it may be from oil still
clinging to the walls
refresh oil okay okay but mine's just
getting started
i'm gonna beat up some books
[Music]
okay now that that's done
let's look back under recipe ideas
what's this i need to slay black poonies
do something during exploration
ancient kitchen puny bro oh i do have
that okay
spruce with flickering light
good water and talking to the fortune
teller
okay
let's just head back
in this direction
well i'm out now what's our destination
that is i think in action during
exploration
and we will do another one
by going over here
huh
[Music]
i think those are actions during
exploration
i'll go up here though since i haven't
been there before
probably going to end up running away
but let's take a quick
look in here and see what's here
[Music]
some berries
berries and bones
oh no
don't mind me more berries and bones
[Music]
what kind of monsters are around during
the day those
bird things which is i recall were
somewhat annoying
more berries let's check that last one
over by the
exit there as well as see if there's any
other
interesting monsters
that gold dragon thing kind of worried
about those
[Music]
ah what the heck i'll give one a shot
they look pretty strong
okay so
[Music]
not too bad we'll throw that one on the
mini demon definitely
definitely want to boost ourselves
[Music]
that's only going to hit one of them
throw it on the mini demon
[Music]
and you will
definitely you will use your slide skill
there
and if i survive this round i'm going to
run
because that was a crap ton of damage
[Music]
this may help
okay that wasn't too bad all at once
that buff really helped okay
okay i think we can get away with not
running
[Music]
we definitely need to use this
okay good that'll go before them
that's still only going to hit one of
them
so go ahead and
merciless kick
you know what just um
just meditation
you attacked there and you
soared both of them
that should finish them off
[Music]
here i
how about this
is everyone injured are victorious
i feel stronger the path ahead is still
long i think i'm stronger
and taller
leon still doesn't have another level
yet but
okay got some ores and stuff
[Music]
but i think i will be leaving this place
what's our destination uh
let's just
[Music]
do a little bit of hopping around for
these oh wait no no no no
that is that an enemy i think that may
be an enemy
yes it's an enemy okay we need to run
pretty strong
[Music]
for some reason i was thinking it wasn't
an enemy briefly
[Music]
okay yeah run away
and we'll go over here for these two
things there
and then go back home
okay now we will run back home
drop everything off
i did my best
yes it's open sophie excuse me
ah fritz welcome do you need something i
have something to tell you today
what could it be i'd like to accompany
you when you go gathering
huh when i go gathering that would
really help me but why all of a sudden
alchemists need to go to dangerous
places to gather materials right
oh yes sometimes we fight scary monsters
so it's actually really hard work
indeed i told you before that i was once
a mercenary
i'm confident in my skills due to my
experience i doubt any monster would
have the upper hand over me
you've been helping me quite a bit i'd
like to return the favor if possible
i see thank you very much it would
really help if you came along too
yeah just let me know when you're going
gathering and i'll end you my strength
anytime
okay i understand i will
frit stranger party
and learn pruning missile and refresh
oil
and we will take a look at those things
and maybe get fritz in our party
and maybe make some armor with that new
cloth
next time hope you enjoy thanks for
watching
i will see you next time
[Music]
welcome back to let's play highly or
sophie my name is karsten
and it's been a couple days again so
let's see
what we need to do next
do i have some things up there
oh i remember what i needed to do i
needed to talk to some shopkeepers and
register
the new cloth that i have and maybe see
about making some armor so maybe i'm not
quite as tissue papery
so let's go to town or the street
and talk to canaria
she is over there
ah sophie i've been thinking since last
time we talked
about what again about my store about
waves for me to sell more merchandise
oh that i've thought of this many times
now but there's too much of a limit on
people who buy mass volume items i need
to widen my variety of normal
merchandise to increase my sales
yeah that sounds right i can sell
regular merchandise and let customers
know about my duplication service too
that sounds like a good idea i'm looking
forward to see what kinds of stuff you
sell
i still haven't thought about that but
this is similar to a general store
so i'm thinking about selling all kinds
of items
i doubt i could acquire much at once
though so it will be a little at a time
i'll be waiting
[Music]
learn the skill ancient knowledge
and can i see what that does
[Music]
increases item power reduce wait time
after using items
is that for just her or for everyone in
my party
[Music]
so what i need to do first what
let's see
what can i unregister
[Music]
um
i think i'll just buy a bunch of these
and these
and go ahead and
register
register this cloth
i think i can uh we'll just replace
one of the neutralizers and then buy it
back
and in a few more days we'll be able to
get more of those for right now
i've restocked i want to craft some
armor what armor do you want to make
[Music]
that's usable by everyone that's usable
by
no one i'm well
yeah what i actually want to do
is swap giulio out for fritz
so let's remove that i'm going to remove
that
and those and you
you're already wearing a wonder shirt
okay i'll give that to you
[Music]
along with some items
and swap you out
now let's see who has the lowest defense
these two leon and corneria so they're
going to get ira first
what armor do you want to make
and we'll make a couple of these
which materials should i use
what can we do
[Music]
try that and
one of them
and one of them no
not that material should i use i gotta
pick everything again of course
[Music]
i can't put eco skill on it
what can i put on there
[Music]
okay are there any traits you wanted to
have how many treats can we put on here
[Music]
is this okay three of them
i think i will do then
yeah we'll go ahead and do that then
it's done
it looks great which materials should i
use we'll make another one of these
we defense enhance
[Music]
and
anything better than what i got there
[Music]
and not on anything i'm willing to give
up so i'll just throw
let's sort by quality
and we'll give it one of these are there
any traits you wanted to have
is this okay it's done it looks great
okay so now we want to
give
give leon the one
that has
more mp
[Music]
and coronary the other one
less hp but much more defense
[Music]
you might hear my dog barking in the
background there is a dog barking in the
soundtrack but my dog has also decided
to start barking in the other room
i will take care of that after the video
i did remember to actually equip that
right
yeah that's yeah
let's talk to here let's see if we have
anything worth checking out in here
which request
[Music]
oh no wait hang on what all do we have
don't have any of those so
hold off on that never seen one of those
yet
make those well not a lot i can do right
there
i'm not worried about one of those right
now
let's head to
[Music]
was it where is no
i always get confused about where
everything is by the way do you have
anything to say
no do you have anything worth buying
that's interesting that has christian
bell special trait
um i will grab that is this a thanks as
always
so i can make that later
that also has it is this a thanks
so i will use that oh we can there's
more of these
[Music]
that will uh
help out
and
here is the blacksmith
do you have anything to say no
oh but i can make sure we have
weapons crafted
[Music]
let's go back here and grab
the style metal it is stall metal
or is it slovenia no it's sylvania
that's
higher and stuff but i think i need some
of this too don't i
we'll find out
it's pretty well let's go ahead and grab
this is that's a deep some of these oars
i think i have a ton of those you have
19 of those
39 of those 41 of those
okay let's go what do you want to make
um let's see
that needs a lightning okay so i did
make that
i made that
[Music]
this though can make for him materials
to use
yeah these are all the same these are
all the same
grab right glad i grabbed those
now what can we add onto here
what's that do
[Music]
consuming p minus 15 sounds useful
as does damage absorb plus
[Music]
choose the tree i guess that's what
we'll put on there
all right it's done i think it turned
out well
all right they're done i'll go call
fritz
[Music]
hmm how are they
yes these are good swords i see
that's a relief what you weren't
confident about them
i don't have many opportunities to make
two swords that are intended to be used
at the same time wait
really yeah most people only use one
sword at a time
there's a lot of people who use a shield
with it too and
if you're gonna hold two at once you're
better off holding one sword that's
bigger
now that you mention it monica and julio
do that
once you get used to it using two swords
is just as effective
why didn't you use two swords it's
easier to handle unforeseen situations
and it's better for fighting multiple
monsters alone
anyway thank you i'll use them with care
okay let's check
various other shops here
check out the bookstore real quick
i haven't what yeah but do you actually
have new merchandise or just restock of
things
[Music]
and how about
here
let's try talking to
pamela
[Music]
no i haven't
oh i want to check out the clock shop
i'm just trying to be thorough here
okay now to the world map
[Music]
sorry for the wait huh
sophie who is that this is fritz
he'll be coming with us starting today
i'm fritz
i used to be a mercenary so i'm pretty
confident about my skills
it's nice to meet you
a mercenary sounds pretty